recipes/cartool/README.md, before:


----------------------------------
## cartool/toolVersion ##
The Cartool EEG Analysis software

Example:
```
```

More documentation can be found here: https://sites.google.com/site/cartoolcommunity/about-cartool?authuser=0

To make the executables and scripts inside this container transparently available in the command line of environments where Neurocommand is installed: ml cartool/toolVersion

License:
```
Please register and make sure to read and adhere to the license if you use Cartool: https://sites.google.com/site/cartoolcommunity/about-cartool/cartool-registration?authuser=0
```

Citation:
```
It is required to cite Cartool in subsequent publications, if it has been effectively used to process, manipulate or display the data. Likewise, the support for this software development must also be properly acknowledged (this is a lot of public money put into this software). Therefore, we ask to add the following sentence in the Acknowledgments section:

The Cartool software (cartoolcommunity.unige.ch) has been programmed by Denis Brunet, from the Functional Brain Mapping Laboratory (FBMLab), Geneva, Switzerland, and is supported by the Center for Biomedical Imaging (CIBM) of Geneva and Lausanne.

In addition, reference to Cartool within the Material and Methods section should be done in the following way:

The analysis was performed using the Cartool software by Denis Brunet (cartoolcommunity.unige.ch).
```

----------------------------------

Commit message:

tried to get cartool to work - no success yet SKIPCI

recipes/cartool/README.md, after:


----------------------------------
## cartool/toolVersion ##
The Cartool EEG Analysis software

Example:
```
```

More documentation can be found here: https://sites.google.com/site/cartoolcommunity/about-cartool?authuser=0

To make the executables and scripts inside this container transparently available in the command line of environments where Neurocommand is installed: ml cartool/toolVersion

License:
```
Please register and make sure to read and adhere to the license if you use Cartool: https://sites.google.com/site/cartoolcommunity/about-cartool/cartool-registration?authuser=0
Cartool is free if you use it for public research and non-commercial purposes. Cartool is not free if you are either working with private funding (private research), and/or using Cartool for some commercial purpose (making money through its use)
```

Citation:
```
It is required to cite Cartool in subsequent publications, if it has been effectively used to process, manipulate or display the data. Likewise, the support for this software development must also be properly acknowledged (this is a lot of public money put into this software). Therefore, we ask to add the following sentence in the Acknowledgments section:

The Cartool software (cartoolcommunity.unige.ch) has been programmed by Denis Brunet, from the Functional Brain Mapping Laboratory (FBMLab), Geneva, Switzerland, and is supported by the Center for Biomedical Imaging (CIBM) of Geneva and Lausanne.

In addition, reference to Cartool within the Material and Methods section should be done in the following way:

The analysis was performed using the Cartool software by Denis Brunet (cartoolcommunity.unige.ch).
```

----------------------------------
