recipes/glmsingle/README.md, before:


----------------------------------
## GLMsingle/toolVersion ##
A toolbox for accurate single-trial estimates in fMRI time-series data.

This container is set up so that the python version of the toolbox is
ready to use.

To use GLMsingle with Matlab, load the Matlab container and
follow the instructions as described here: https://github.com/cvnlab/GLMsingle?tab=readme-ov-file#matlab

Example:
```
We provide a number of example scripts that demonstrate usage of GLMsingle. You can browse these example scripts here:

(Python Example 1 - event-related design) https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kendrickkay/GLMsingle/blob/main/examples/example1.html

(Python Example 2 - block design) https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kendrickkay/GLMsingle/blob/main/examples/example2.html

(MATLAB Example 1 - event-related design) https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kendrickkay/GLMsingle/blob/main/matlab/examples/example1preview/example1.html

(MATLAB Example 2 - block design) https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kendrickkay/GLMsingle/blob/main/matlab/examples/example2preview/example2.html

These scripts are available in the GLMsingle github repository: https://github.com/cvnlab/GLMsingle

More documentation can be found here: 
- https://github.com/cvnlab/GLMsingle
- https://glmsingle.readthedocs.io/
```

Citation:
```
[Prince, J.S., Charest, I., Kurzawski, J.W., Pyles, J.A., Tarr, M., Kay, K.N. Improving the accuracy of single-trial fMRI response estimates using GLMsingle. *eLife* (2022).](https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.77599)
```

----------------------------------

Commit message:

update readme with more instructions and resources

recipes/glmsingle/README.md, after:


----------------------------------
## GLMsingle/toolVersion ##
A toolbox for accurate single-trial estimates in fMRI time-series data.

This container is set up so that the python version of the toolbox is
ready to use.

Import the GLMsingle package on your python script: 'import glmsingle'.
Run, 'jupyter-lab' to use the jupyter interface.

To use GLMsingle with Matlab, load the Matlab container and
follow the instructions as described here: https://github.com/cvnlab/GLMsingle?tab=readme-ov-file#matlab

Example:
```
We provide a number of example scripts that demonstrate usage of GLMsingle. You can browse these example scripts here:

(Python Example 1 - event-related design) https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kendrickkay/GLMsingle/blob/main/examples/example1.html

(Python Example 2 - block design) https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kendrickkay/GLMsingle/blob/main/examples/example2.html

(MATLAB Example 1 - event-related design) https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kendrickkay/GLMsingle/blob/main/matlab/examples/example1preview/example1.html

(MATLAB Example 2 - block design) https://htmlpreview.github.io/?https://github.com/kendrickkay/GLMsingle/blob/main/matlab/examples/example2preview/example2.html
```

Running the example scripts requires cloning the GLMsingle repository in order to get the example scripts located in 'examples':
```
git clone --recurse-submodules https://github.com/cvnlab/GLMsingle.git
```

For additional documentation and FAQ on GLMsingle,
please see: https://glmsingle.readthedocs.io

For a lecture overview, implementation guide, and demo of GLMsingle,
please see: https://cbmm.mit.edu/video/glmsingle-toolbox-improving-single-trial-fmri-response-estimates

For a video walkthrough of the figure outputs from GLMsingle,
please see: https://www.youtube.com/watch?v=aZFh-YUZUYE

GLMsingle can be cited, and is detailed in the following paper:
```
[Prince, J.S., Charest, I., Kurzawski, J.W., Pyles, J.A., Tarr, M., Kay, K.N. Improving the accuracy of single-trial fMRI response estimates using GLMsingle. *eLife* (2022).](https://doi.org/10.7554/eLife.77599)
```
----------------------------------
