builder/README.md, before:

# NeuroContainers YAML Build System

## Setup

Either use [UV](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) and `uv run` in front of the other commands or use `venv` with...

```sh
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Introduction

Run `./builder/build.py init <name> <version>` to create a new recipe.

Run `./builder/build.py generate <name>` to generate a `Dockerfile`. You will get an error if a recipe has already been generated since it stores temporary files in the `./build` directory. You can pass `--recreate` to `generate` to automatically delete the directory.

Normally you don't just want to generate the `Dockerfile`. If you want to build the container as well pass `--build` (You'll need to have Docker installed and accessible by your current user). You can also run test scripts with `--test`. For example you can build and test the Niimath container you can run...

```sh
./builder/build.py generate niimath --recreate --build --test
```

It is also possible to login to the container using `--login`:

```sh
./builder/build.py generate niimath --recreate --build --login
```

Often for GUI applications inside NeuroDesk you want singularity images. To generate one from the Docker image just add `--build-sif` and it will drop a .sif file in `./sifs`.

## Recipe Syntax

Recipes are written in [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML) and most fields support [jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) for template variables.

Recipes are split into a few sections...

### Metadata

This is `name`, `version`, `architectures`, and `readme`.

```yaml
name: qsmxt
version: 8.0.0

architectures:
  - x86_64
  - aarch64

readme: |
    This is a recipe for {{ context.name }}/{{ context.version }}
```

If your readme is externally hosted you can include it using `readme_url`.

```yaml
readme_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QSMxT/QSMxT/main/docs/container_readme.md
```

### Variables

The variables declared in the `variables` block can be referenced anywhere else in the recipe.

```yaml
variables:
  conda_version: "4.12.0"
  conda_download_url:
    try:
      - value: "https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-py37_{{ context.conda_version }}-Linux-x86_64.sh"
        condition: arch=="x86_64"
      - value: "https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-py37_{{ context.conda_version }}-Linux-aarch64.sh"
        condition: arch=="aarch64"
```

For example we can use these variables to download Miniconda...

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - run:
      - export PATH="/opt/miniconda-{{ context.conda_version }}/bin:$PATH"
      - echo "Downloading Miniconda installer ..."
      - conda_installer="/tmp/miniconda.sh"
      - curl -fsSL -o "$conda_installer" {{ context.conda_download_url }}
      - bash "$conda_installer" -b -p /opt/miniconda-{{ context.conda_version }}
      - rm -f "$conda_installer"
```

### Build

The build section includes `kind` and is otherwise passed to the builder for processing. The only builder kind currently supported is `neurodocker`. More details for the syntax in this section are specified later in the document.

```yaml
build:
  kind: neurodocker

  base-image: ubuntu:22.04
  pkg-manager: apt

  directives:
    - environment:
        DEBIAN_FRONTEND: noninteractive
```

### Deploy

NeuroDesk includes Transparent Singularity to automatically generate loadable modules from Singularity/Apptainer containers. The deploy section adds environment variables to the container to control this.

```yaml
deploy:
  path:
    - /opt/ants-2.4.3/
    - /opt/FastSurfer
    - /opt/QSMxT-UI
  bins:
    - nipypecli
    - bet
```

`path` adds all binaries in each directory to the path when the module is loaded.

`bins` adds single binaries in the `PATH` of the container.

### Files

Additional files need to be declared to be added to the build.

```yaml
files:
  - name: install.packages.jl
    contents: |
      using Pkg
      ENV["JULIA_PKG_PRECOMPILE_AUTO"]=0
      Pkg.add(Pkg.PackageSpec(name="ArgParse", version=v"1.1.5"))
```

Files can either be added inline or loaded from a local file next to the `build.yaml` file.

```yaml
files:
  - name: hello.sh
    filename: hello.sh
```

Files still have to be added to the container with...

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - copy: install.packages.jl /opt
```

## NeuroDocker Builder

[NeuroDocker](https://github.com/ReproNim/neurodocker) is a command line tool for easily generating Dockerfiles from a structured series of command line arguments.

The YAML builder generates these command lines automatically so you don't need to manually run NeuroDocker.

The simplest way to explain the format is with a series of examples. More advanced directives are also supported but the following should be enough for most applications.

### Basic Metadata

```yaml
build:
  kind: neurodocker

  base-image: ubuntu:22.04
  pkg-manager: apt

  directives:
    - run:
      - echo Hello, World
```

A do nothing build block looks like the above YAML. You need at least `kind`, `base-image`, and `pkg-manager`.

The base image can be any Docker image based on Debian or Red Hat.

NeuroDocker only accepts `apt` or `rpm` as the package manager.

### Environment Directive

Environment variables set environmental variables inside the container.

They are specified as key value paris and support template replacement.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - environment:
        DEBIAN_FRONTEND: noninteractive
```

### Workdir Directive

Workdir sets the current working directory.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - workdir: /opt/bet2
```

### Run Directive

The run directive runs a series of commands. These are run as if they are a single layer with `&&` between each line.

You should try to combine run directives where possible. Files added in one layer and deleted in the next are hidden from the final image rather than being truly deleted.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - run:
        - export PATH="/opt/miniconda-{{ context.conda_version }}/bin:$PATH"
        - echo "Downloading Miniconda installer ..."
        - conda_installer="/tmp/miniconda.sh"
        - curl -fsSL -o "$conda_installer" {{ context.conda_download_url }}
        - bash "$conda_installer" -b -p /opt/miniconda-{{ context.conda_version }}
        - rm -f "$conda_installer"
```

### Install Directive

The install directive is used as a wrapper for `dnf` and `apt-get`. You should always use the install directive since it handles updating and removing caches automatically.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - install:
        bzip2 ca-certificates unzip cmake dbus-x11 libgtk2.0-0 git graphviz wget
```

### Template Directive

NeuroDocker has a powerful set of templates for installing existing software. You should refer to the NeuroDocker documentation for a list and usage.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - template:
        name: ants
        version: 2.4.3
        method: source
```

### Copy Directive

The copy directive copies a file from the definition into a container. The following syntax is preferred since it gracefully handles variable references.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - copy:
      - install.packages.jl
      - /opt
```

Commit message:

added test_deploy script and tested it with niimath

builder/README.md, after:

# NeuroContainers YAML Build System

## Setup

Either use [UV](https://docs.astral.sh/uv/) and `uv run` in front of the other commands or use `venv` with...

```sh
python3 -m venv env
source env/bin/activate
pip install -r requirements.txt
```

## Introduction

Run `./builder/build.py init <name> <version>` to create a new recipe.

Run `./builder/build.py generate <name>` to generate a `Dockerfile`. You will get an error if a recipe has already been generated since it stores temporary files in the `./build` directory. You can pass `--recreate` to `generate` to automatically delete the directory.

Normally you don't just want to generate the `Dockerfile`. If you want to build the container as well pass `--build` (You'll need to have Docker installed and accessible by your current user). You can also run test scripts with `--test`. For example you can build and test the Niimath container you can run...

```sh
./builder/build.py generate niimath --recreate --build --test
```

It is also possible to login to the container using `--login`:

```sh
./builder/build.py generate niimath --recreate --build --login
```

Often for GUI applications inside NeuroDesk you want singularity images. To generate one from the Docker image just add `--build-sif` and it will drop a .sif file in `./sifs`.

## Recipe Syntax

Recipes are written in [YAML](https://en.wikipedia.org/wiki/YAML) and most fields support [jinja](https://jinja.palletsprojects.com/en/stable/) for template variables.

Recipes are split into a few sections...

### Metadata

This is `name`, `version`, `architectures`, and `readme`.

```yaml
name: qsmxt
version: 8.0.0

architectures:
  - x86_64
  - aarch64

readme: |
    This is a recipe for {{ context.name }}/{{ context.version }}
```

If your readme is externally hosted you can include it using `readme_url`.

```yaml
readme_url: https://raw.githubusercontent.com/QSMxT/QSMxT/main/docs/container_readme.md
```

### Variables

The variables declared in the `variables` block can be referenced anywhere else in the recipe.

```yaml
variables:
  conda_version: "4.12.0"
  conda_download_url:
    try:
      - value: "https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-py37_{{ context.conda_version }}-Linux-x86_64.sh"
        condition: arch=="x86_64"
      - value: "https://repo.anaconda.com/miniconda/Miniconda3-py37_{{ context.conda_version }}-Linux-aarch64.sh"
        condition: arch=="aarch64"
```

For example we can use these variables to download Miniconda...

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - run:
      - export PATH="/opt/miniconda-{{ context.conda_version }}/bin:$PATH"
      - echo "Downloading Miniconda installer ..."
      - conda_installer="/tmp/miniconda.sh"
      - curl -fsSL -o "$conda_installer" {{ context.conda_download_url }}
      - bash "$conda_installer" -b -p /opt/miniconda-{{ context.conda_version }}
      - rm -f "$conda_installer"
```

### Build

The build section includes `kind` and is otherwise passed to the builder for processing. The only builder kind currently supported is `neurodocker`. More details for the syntax in this section are specified later in the document.

```yaml
build:
  kind: neurodocker

  base-image: ubuntu:22.04
  pkg-manager: apt

  directives:
    - environment:
        DEBIAN_FRONTEND: noninteractive
```

### Deploy

NeuroDesk includes Transparent Singularity to automatically generate loadable modules from Singularity/Apptainer containers. The deploy section adds environment variables to the container to control this.

```yaml
deploy:
  path:
    - /opt/ants-2.4.3/
    - /opt/FastSurfer
    - /opt/QSMxT-UI
  bins:
    - nipypecli
    - bet
```

`path` adds all binaries in each directory to the path when the module is loaded.

`bins` adds single binaries in the `PATH` of the container.

### Files

Additional files need to be declared to be added to the build.

```yaml
files:
  - name: install.packages.jl
    contents: |
      using Pkg
      ENV["JULIA_PKG_PRECOMPILE_AUTO"]=0
      Pkg.add(Pkg.PackageSpec(name="ArgParse", version=v"1.1.5"))
```

Files can either be added inline or loaded from a local file next to the `build.yaml` file.

```yaml
files:
  - name: hello.sh
    filename: hello.sh
```

Files can be downloaded from the internet. Files will be cached locally on the system and reused between builds...

```yaml
files:
  - name: hello.zip
    filename: https://example.com/hello.zip
```

Files can be referenced directly in run directives with...

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - run:
      # Install cat12
      - unzip -q {{ get_file("hello.zip") }} -d /tmp
```

## NeuroDocker Builder

[NeuroDocker](https://github.com/ReproNim/neurodocker) is a command line tool for easily generating Dockerfiles from a structured series of command line arguments.

The YAML builder generates these command lines automatically so you don't need to manually run NeuroDocker.

The simplest way to explain the format is with a series of examples. More advanced directives are also supported but the following should be enough for most applications.

### Basic Metadata

```yaml
build:
  kind: neurodocker

  base-image: ubuntu:22.04
  pkg-manager: apt

  directives:
    - run:
      - echo Hello, World
```

A do nothing build block looks like the above YAML. You need at least `kind`, `base-image`, and `pkg-manager`.

The base image can be any Docker image based on Debian or Red Hat.

NeuroDocker only accepts `apt` or `rpm` as the package manager.

### Environment Directive

Environment variables set environmental variables inside the container.

They are specified as key value paris and support template replacement.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - environment:
        DEBIAN_FRONTEND: noninteractive
```

### Workdir Directive

Workdir sets the current working directory.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - workdir: /opt/bet2
```

### Run Directive

The run directive runs a series of commands. These are run as if they are a single layer with `&&` between each line.

You should try to combine run directives where possible. Files added in one layer and deleted in the next are hidden from the final image rather than being truly deleted.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - run:
        - export PATH="/opt/miniconda-{{ context.conda_version }}/bin:$PATH"
        - echo "Downloading Miniconda installer ..."
        - conda_installer="/tmp/miniconda.sh"
        - curl -fsSL -o "$conda_installer" {{ context.conda_download_url }}
        - bash "$conda_installer" -b -p /opt/miniconda-{{ context.conda_version }}
        - rm -f "$conda_installer"
```

### Install Directive

The install directive is used as a wrapper for `dnf` and `apt-get`. You should always use the install directive since it handles updating and removing caches automatically.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - install:
        bzip2 ca-certificates unzip cmake dbus-x11 libgtk2.0-0 git graphviz wget
```

### Template Directive

NeuroDocker has a powerful set of templates for installing existing software. You should refer to the NeuroDocker documentation for a list and usage.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - template:
        name: ants
        version: 2.4.3
        method: source
```

### Copy Directive

The copy directive copies a file from the definition into a container. The following syntax is preferred since it gracefully handles variable references.

```yaml
build:
  # ...
  directives:
    # ...
    - copy:
      - install.packages.jl
      - /opt
```
